Azure Storage Plugin
====================

> ***Important***: This plug-in is maintained by the Jenkins community and won’t be supported by Microsoft as of February 29, 2024.


A plugin for uploading build artifacts to, or downloading build dependencies from, Microsoft Azure Blob storage or Azure Files. (For a more detailed tutorial see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=280058)

Installing
----------

This plugin is available in the Jenkins plugin manager.
To install in Jenkins, go to Manage Jenkins | Manage Plugins | Available | Windows Azure Storage Plugin | Install.
Then restart Jenkins to complete the installation.

Configuration
-------------

At least one Azure storage account must be configured in the global configuration before the plugin can be used in build steps. To add a storage account, go to Manage Jenkins | Configure System | Microsoft Azure Storage Account Configuration and fill out the needed information.



Post-build actions
==================

Upload artifacts to Azure
-------------------------

For a more detailed tutorial see: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=280058.

The `Upload artifacts to Azure` post-build step uploads a build artifact generated by your build to Azure Blobs or Azure Files.

1. Select the storage account name to use from the dropdown control
2. Enter a name for the container or the file share. A new container or file share will be created if it does not exist. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: ${JOB_NAME}
3. Enter the list of artifacts to upload, following the Ant glob syntax. You may create mappings between groups of artifacts and the virtual directory structure for them to be put under in the blob storage using the "::" notation.
4. Optionally, specify the common virtual path under the container or file share that the artifacts will be placed under. This string (followed by a slash '/' character) will follow the container name or the file share name (after a slash) in the URL for each artifact. Any combination of characters can be used, but reserved URL characters must be properly escaped. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: "${BUILD_ID}/${BUILD_NUMBER}/"


Build actions
=============

Download from Azure Blob storage
--------------------------------

The `Download from Azure blob storage` build step downloads blob contents from Azure blob or Azure Files.

1. Select the storage account name to use from the dropdown control
2. Select 'Download From Container', 'Download From Azure Files' or 'Download artifact from build'.
- **'Download From Container'** >> Enter the name of the container to download from. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: ${JOB_NAME}
- **'Download From Files'** >> Enter the name of the file share to download from. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: ${JOB_NAME}
- **'Download artifact from build'** >> Enter Project Name and select the build from the drop-down for 'Build to download' . For example: 'Latest successful build'.
3. Enter the name of the blob or file to download. You may also use the wild card "*" at the end to select multiple blob or file downloads sharing the same prefix, for example: project*
4. Optionally, enter the target download path. If not specified, the files will be downloaded into the job's workspace.
   Environment variables can also be referenced, for example: ${JOB_NAME}

For a tutorial, see https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=280058.
