Azure Storage Plugin
====================

A plugin for uploading build artifacts to, or downloading build dependencies from, Microsoft Azure Blob storage. (For a more detailed tutorial see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=280058)

Installing
----------

This plugin is available in the Jenkins plugin manager.
To install in Jenkins, go to Manage Jenkins | Manage Plugins | Available | Windows Azure Storage Plugin | Install.
Then restart Jenkins to complete the installation.

Configuration
-------------

At least one Azure storage account must be configured in the global configuration before the plugin can be used in build steps. To add a storage account, go to Manage Jenkins | Configure System | Microsoft Azure Storage Account Configuration and fill out the needed information.



Post-build actions
==================

Upload artifacts to Azure
-------------------------

For a more detailed tutorial see: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=280058.

The `Upload artifacts to Azure` post-build step uploads a build artifact generated by your build to Azure Blob storage.

1. Select the storage account name to use from the dropdown control
2. Enter a name for the container. A new container will be created if it does not exist. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: ${JOB_NAME}
3. Enter the list of artifacts to upload, following the Ant glob syntax. You may create mappings between groups of artifacts and the virtual directory structure for them to be put under in the blob storage using the "::" notation.
4. Optionally, specify the common virtual path under the container that the artifacts will be placed under. This string (followed by a slash '/' character) will follow the container name (after a slash) in the URL for each artifact. Any combination of characters can be used, but reserved URL characters must be properly escaped. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: "${BUILD_ID}/${BUILD_NUMBER}/"


Build actions
=============

Download from Azure Blob storage
--------------------------------

The `Download from Azure blob storage’ build step downloads blob contents from Azure blob storage.

1. Select the storage account name to use from the dropdown control
2. Select 'Download From Container' or 'Download artifact from build'.
 - **'Download From Container'** >> Enter the name of the container to download from. Environment variables can also be referenced. For example: ${JOB_NAME}
 - **'Download artifact from build'** >> Enter Project Name and select the build from the drop-down for 'Build to download' . For example: 'Latest successful build'.
3. Enter the name of the blob to download. You may also use the wild card "*" at the end to select multiple blob downloads sharing the same prefix, for example: project*
4. Optionally, enter the target download path. If not specified, the files will be downloaded into the job's workspace.
Environment variables can also be referenced, for example: ${JOB_NAME}

For a tutorial, see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=280058.


Changelog
=========

Version 0.3.7 November 7, 2017
-----------------------------
- Support HTTPS when upload or download files.
- Support uploading to root container.
- Fix content length property when upload or download files.
- Fix a null pointer exception when upgrading from last version.

Version 0.3.6 June 7, 2017
-----------------------------
- Support blob properties when uploading files.
- Support blob metadata when upload files.
- Added an option to delete original files after download.
- Added an option to auto detect content type when upload files.
- Support file storage.
- Added pipeline support.

Version 0.3.5 April 12, 2017
-----------------------------
- Fixed an issue on Windows masters that caused uploaded files to get locked on the local machine and couldn't be deleted.

Version 0.3.4 March 14, 2017
-----------------------------
- The copyartifact dependency is mandatory. [JENKINS-41713](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-41713)
- Fixed the artifact download links. [JENKINS-42726](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-42726)
- The "Microsoft Azure Storage" credentials can now be updated. [#43](https://github.com/jenkinsci/windows-azure-storage-plugin/issues/43)

Version 0.3.3 February 16, 2017
-----------------------------
- Storage account credentials are more secure now. They have moved to Jenkins credential store.
- Once you upgrade to 0.3.3 from older Version, no need to manually configure existing jobs.

Version 0.3.2 January 26, 2017
-----------------------------
- Storage account key has become a hidden field.
- Added the capability to use managed artifacts, a use case for artifacts can be downloading a known good build or an artifact from an upstream build.
- Artifacts can be downloaded from previous builds.
- Links on the project page (to download) has been fixed. This now allows easier access to download artifacts from Jenkins.
- Downloads are now faster, plugin doesn't need to search the entire container for the correct blobs when using managed artifacts.
- Changes are made inline with Jenkins API, updated Azure Java SDK to provide better output to Jenkins REST API.

Version 0.3.0 September 09, 2014
-----------------------------
- Added easily accessible links for azure artifacts uploaded to blob storage.

Version 0.2.0 April 23, 2014
----------------------------
- Changed the logic of the "make container public" checkbox to apply to newly created containers only
- Added a "download from blob" build action
- Added a "clean container" option to the artifact uploader post-build action
- Some renamings due to branding changes in Azure (Windows Azure changing to Microsoft Azure)

Version 0.1.0 February 12, 2013)
--------------------------------
 - Initial release
